What is ERPNext?
ERPNext is a free, open-source ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) system designed for small and medium businesses. Built on the Frappe framework, it provides integrated modules for accounting, HR, CRM, inventory, manufacturing, and project management.

About Hosting ERPNext
Hosting ERPNext involves deploying the Frappe framework along with its essential services: MariaDB for data storage, Redis for caching and queuing, and a reverse proxy like Nginx. On Railway, you can containerize ERPNext, configure environment variables, and attach persistent storage volumes for durability.

Service Overview
frappe-service-overfiew

Common Use Cases
Running a centralized ERP system for small to mid-sized companies.
Deployment Guide
Deploy this template to Railway.
Execute into the ERPNext service using Railway’s shell or CLI.
Run the setup script inside the ERPNext service (this will create new-site and install ERPNext apps):
su frappe -c "/home/$systemUser/$benchFolderName/railway-setup.sh"
Exit the service once the script completes.
Remove the default start command in the Railway project settings (so that the container uses the CMD defined in the Dockerfile).
Set the HTTP port to 80 in ERPNext service configuration.
Redeploy the project to finalize the setup.
[Optional] Configure volume backups for both Frappe and MariaDB volumes. See Railway Backups Documentation for details.
Dependencies for ERPNext Hosting
MariaDB – Database backend.
Redis – Caching and job queue management.
Deployment Dependencies
Official ERPNext Docker
Frappe Framework Architecture
Why Deploy ERPNext on Railway?
Railway is a singular platform to deploy your infrastructure stack. Railway will host your infrastructure so you don't have to deal with configuration, while allowing you to vertically and horizontally scale it.

By deploying ERPNext on Railway, you are one step closer to supporting a complete full-stack application with minimal burden. Host your servers, databases, AI agents, and more on Railway.

FAQ / Limitation
Q: Why is Supervisor used?

A: Railway currently limits each volume to a single service. Since multiple ERPNext services need to access the same volume, Supervisor is required to coordinate and share volumes across services (as of 2025-09-15).

Ref: Railway | Shared Volumes

--

Q: Why isn’t site creation automated during the first service startup?

A: To reduces potential errors during setup, and these are foundational steps that service maintainers should understand and be comfortable with, such as executing into the container and running bench commands.

--

Q: Shouldn't HTTP port 80 set via template?

A: Due to a Railway limitation, there is currently no way to predefine the port of a public URL within a template (as of 2025-09-15).

Ref: Railway | How to set template public url port

--

Q: Why use slightly older versions of MariaDB and Redis?

A: We use the versions defined in the official Frappe Docker images to ensure maximum compatibility with ERPNext and its dependencies.

Ref: Frappe-Docker | pwd.yml

